add cq-gen docs (#116)
cloudquery/docs: docs/developers/cq-gen.md

		DeleteFilter: client.DeleteAccountRegionFilter,
		Options:      schema.TableCreationOptions{PrimaryKeys: []string{"id"}},
		Columns: []schema.Column{
			{
				Name:        "account_id",
				Description: "The AWS Account ID of the resource.",
				Type:        schema.TypeString,
				Resolver:    client.ResolveAWSAccount,
			},
			{
				Name:        "region",
				Description: "The AWS Region of the resource.",
				Type:        schema.TypeString,
                		Resolver:    client.ResolveAWSRegion,
			},
            ... # shortned for sake for readability
```

As you can see above the function defenition, cq-gen, added a `//go:generate` command to help regenerate easily with `go generate`.

## Flags

The cq-gen command is used to generate `schema.Table` from given source (go, protobuf, openapi, graphql, etc') It supports the following flags:

* `-output`: which directory to write the resulting source code.
* `-resource`: the name of the resource to generate as defined in the hcl.
* `-domain`: the domain of the resource to generate as defined in the hcl. 
* `-config`: the path to the configuration file of cq-gen on how to generate the resource.

## Configuration 

> For full documenation on how to use cq-gen and all the available configuration options please check it's [repo](https://github.com/cloudquery/cq-gen#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For full documenation on how to use cq-gen and all the available configuration options please check [the repository](https://github.com/cloudquery/cq-gen#configuration).
```
